MUST NOT store enable_multipath parameter (#240)
quicwg/multipath: draft-ietf-quic-multipath.md

TRANSPORT_PARAMETER_ERROR (specified in {{Section 20.1 of QUIC-TRANSPORT}})
and close the connection.

> The enable_multipath parameter MUST NOT be stored for 0-RTT resumption as
> new paths can only be used after handshake completion.

Reviewer: Maybe something like:
```suggestion
The enable_multipath parameter MUST NOT be remembered
({{Section 7.4.1 of QUIC-TRANSPORT}}).
New paths can only be used after handshake completion.
```

I think it would be better to follow the term ("remembered") used in RFC 9000.
